Created a Graphical User Interface for the robot.
The GUI has a field on the left half of the brain to select the robots starting position. 
There are four possible starting positions, and the selected position will be highlighted magenta.
The field defaults to the user being set as red and the robot on the left side of the field.
If the user selects to switch to the starting position on the blue alliance's side of the field,
The GUI will reorient the field so that the robot will always be on either the bottom or left wall.
Reorienting the field allows the origin to always be in the bottom left corner of the field and 
allow the scoring goals to be in the same relative position regardless of alliance.

On the right half of the GUI the robot is displayed with 4 distance sensors. The sensors are selectable.
Once selected, they will open a menu on the opposite side of the robot to display a list of walls to select.
The menu is open on the left and right side of the robot so that the selected sensor can be highlighted on the robot. 
This is so there is a visual indication of what sensor is being changed in case the user forgets.
There are 5 wall options: "TOP", "BOTTOM", "LEFT", "RIGHT", and "NONE". 
Only 3 distance sensors are needed to calculate the exact position and angle of the robot. 
Since 1 of the 4 is not needed, the sensor that is pointed at the furthest wall (thereby being the most inaccurate),
will be set to "NONE".
This sensor will often times not be within 2000mm of the wall.
2000mm being the maximum measurement range of the distance sensor.

To clarify, because the sensors can turn and that can be measured by the potentiometers, 
the sensors can be changed to face different walls.
Having 2 sensors facing the same wall will allow us to calculate both the distance from that wall 
and the angle that the robot is facing. 
The third distance sensor will detect the distance to one of the other walls (depending on which is closer).
This will allow us to calculate the (x,y) coordinates of the robot as well as the direction that the robot is facing.